feat: add `ml/strided/dkmeans-distance` (#13062)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/ml/strided/dkmeans-distance/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( N, metric, x, strideX, y, strideY )
    Computes the distance between two double-precision floating-point strided

>     arrays given a kmeans supported distance metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    arrays according to a specified distance metric.
```

        Stride length for `y`.

    Returns
    -------
    out: number
        Distance.

    Examples
    --------
    // Standard Usage:
    > var x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, -2.0, 2.0 ] );
    > var y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 1.0, -4.0 ] );
    > {{alias}}( x.length, 'sqeuclidean', x, 1, y, 1 )
    45.0

    // Using N and stride parameters:
    > x = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 1.0, 2.0, 2.0, -7.0, -2.0 ] );
    > y = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 2.0, 1.0, 2.0, 1.0, -2.0 ] );
    > {{alias}}( 3, 'sqeuclidean', x, 2, y, 2 )
    1.0

    // Using view offsets:
    > var x0 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 2.0, 1.0, 2.0, -2.0 ] );
    > var y0 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( [ 8.0, -2.0, 3.0, -2.0 ] );
    > var x1 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( x0.buffer, x0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 );
    > var y1 = new {{alias:@stdlib/array/float64}}( y0.buffer, y0.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT*1 );
    > {{alias}}( 2, 'sqeuclidean', x1, 2, y1, 2 )
    9.0

{{alias}}.ndarray( N, metric, x, strideX, offsetX, y, strideY, offsetY )
    Computes the distance between two double-precision floating-point strided

>     arrays given a kmeans supported distance metric using alternative indexing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    arrays according to a specified distance metric using alternative indexing
```
